This is the README for the inter package, version 2020/12/13.

This package provides LaTeX, pdfLaTeX, XeLaTeX and LuaLaTeX
support for the Inter Sans family of fonts (version 3.015),
designed by Rasmus Andersson. Inter is a typeface specially
designed for user interfaces with focus on high legibility
of small-to-medium sized text on computer screens. The
family features a tall x-height to aid in readability of
mixed-case and lower-case text.

To use, add

\usepackage{inter}

to the preamble of your document. These will activate Inter
as the sans-serif text font. To activate it as the main text
font, use

\usepackage[sfdefault]{inter}

LuaLaTeX and xeLaTeX users who might prefer type1 fonts or
who wish to avoid fontspec may use the type1 option.

Options scaled=<number> or scale=<number> may be used to
scale the fonts.

The default figure style is proportional-lining, but the
tabular (or t) option will change the default to tabular
(monospaced) figures.

Font encodings supported are OT1, T1, TS1, and LY1.

The semibold, extrabold and heavy options activate those
series as the default bold series. The medium, light,
extralight and thin options activate those series as the
default regular series.

Commands \intertabular, and \interproportional allow for
localized use of non-default figures. Superior numbers are
available using \sufigures. Commands \interthin, \interlight
etc. allow for localized use of those series.

The original OpenType fonts were obtained from

https://github.com/rsms/inter/

and are licensed under the SIL Open Font License, version
1.1; the text may be found in the doc directory. The type1
versions were created using cfftot1. The support files were
created using autoinst and are licensed under the terms of
the LaTeX Project Public License. The maintainer of this
package is Carl-Clemens Ebinger at post(at)ebinger(dot)cc.
